<h1>Building with CMake's standalone client (cmake-gui)</h1>

Please ensure that you have installed:
- Microsoft Visual Studio 2019 (you will get the Visual C++ compiler along with it)
- CMake

Also ensure that you have a local copy of the Analysis repository.

<h3>0. Opening cmake-gui</h3>
Open the <b>CMake (cmake-gui)</b> application. (Hit the Windows key, and type 'CMake')

<h3>1. Browse source...</h3>
Hit the <b>'Browse Source...'</b> button to the right of the<br>
<b>'Where is the source code:'</b> text field.<br>

<h3>2. Selecting the source code directory</h3>
In the window that appears (titled <b>'Enter Path to Source'</b>),<br>
navigate to the local copy of <b>Analysis</b> on your machine.<br>
<br>
Then, navigate to the <b>'src'</b> subdirectory. Click <b>'Select Folder'</b>.
<br>
The <b>'Where is the source code'</b> field should read:<br>
<code>C:/[YOUR_PATH_HERE]/Analysis/src</code>

<h3>3. Browse build...</h3>
Hit the <b>'Browse Build...'</b> button to the right of the<br>
<b>'Where to build the binaries:'</b> text field.<br>

<h3>4. Selecting the build directory</h3>
In the window that appears (titled <b>'Enter Path to Build'</b>),<br>
navigate to the local copy of <b>Analysis</b> on your machine.<br>
<br>
Then, navigate to the <b>'build'</b> subdirectory. Click <b>'Select Folder.'</b>
<br>
The <b>'Where to build the binaries'</b> field should read:<br>
<code>C:/[YOUR_PATH_HERE]/Analysis/build</code>

<h3>5. Confirming your configuration</h3>
Hit the <b>'Configure'</b> button in the left-center area of the cmake-gui window.

<h3>6. Selecting compiler options</h3>
In the dialogue box that appears,<br>
for the <b>'Specify the generator for this project'</b> dropdown box,
ensure that <b>'Visual Studio 16 2019'</b> is selected.<br>

Ensure that the <b>'Use default native compilers'</b> radio button is selected.
Do not fill in the remaining text fields.<br>

Then, click <b>'Finish'</b>.

<h3>7. Building the repository/choosing a build version</h3>
As stated previously, there are <b>two</b> build versions for <b>Analysis</b>:
- x64-Debug<br>
- x64-Release<br>

CMake will build the project.<br>
<b>Note: The build will appear to fail at first. </b><br>
The remainder of the directions for this step will rectify this,<br>
and you will also be able to select your desired build version.
<br><br>
In the center of the cmake-gui window, you will see<br>
a <b>'Name'</b> and <b>'Value'</b> table, in red highlighting.<br>

Next to <b>'CMAKE_CONFIGURATION_TYPES'</b>, click the text field<br>
that resides underneath the <b>'Value'</b> column.<br>

To select the build version,<br>
change the selected field to <b>Debug</b>, for the x64-Debug version,<br> 
or <b>Release</b>, for the x64-Release version, whichever is desired.<br>

Then, click <b>'Configure'</b>.

The build files generated by CMake will reside in<br>
<b><code>C:/[YOUR_PATH_HERE]/Analysis/build</code></b>